Uh, yeah, uh, yeah
Uh, yeah, uh, yeah
Uh, yeah, uh, yeah
Uh, yeah, uh, yeah
Wait a minute (uh), get it how you live it (uh)
Ten toes in when we standin' on business
I'm a big stepper, underground methods
Top-notch hoes get the most, not the lesser (most, not the lesser)
Straight terror, product of your errors
Pushin' culture, baby, got that product you can't measure (product you can't measure)
Trendsetter, the one who gets her wetter
Swervin' while I'm bumpin' Project Pat
Yeah, rollin' through the city with the big dawgs
Fuck the laws, lawyer with me, we ain't gotta call
Celly on silent but the product end up hella loud
That's how you make the money pile for everyone involved
And if you don't deserve a cut then we gon' cut 'em off (cut 'em off)
My barber got me lookin' proper every single time
Fresh fade gettin' faded on that top grade
You ain't walkin' out alive smokin' what we on
And you know I gotta pour it for the ones who gone (gone)
R.I.P. it's in your memory we carry on
When I die they will not bury me, not what I want
Burn my body, pour my ashes in a river y'all
That's how we knowin' that the flow about to carry on
See immortality's a fallacy, I prove 'em wrong
The Sourthern family gon' carry me to way beyond
Anything you've ever known, anything you've done
They ask me, "How you be like this? (What?)
How you live like this? (What? What? What?)"
Why you woried 'bout it ho? Get up off my dick (get up off my dick)
Get up out the way (get up out the way)
What you think this is? (What you think this is?)
We ain't worried 'bout it ho, watch me skrrt the whip
They ask me, "How you get like this? (What? What?)
How you live like this? (What? What?)"
Why you woried 'bout it ho? Get up off my dick (get up off my dick)
Get up out the way (get up out the way)
What you think this is? (What you think this is?)
We ain't worried 'bout it ho, watch me skrrt the whip
Yeah, yeah, swervin', movin' to the money like it's urgent
Hands on guy so I'm in it like a surgeon (like a surgeon)
Uh, the skin colour like the bourbon
A worldwide sign that we face close curtains (close curtains)
Out here yo, nothing's ever certain
Only thing that's promised is that promises are broken (promises are broken)
Yeah, so we findin' ways to cope then
Only thing I'm breakin' is her back with the motions (woo)
Yeah, baby girl bring out the goodies
Snuck it in inside her hoodie, now we turnin' up to Boogie (yeah)
In school I used to fight the bullies, now I'm fightin' with the law
Guess some things don't leave you fully (yessir)
They try and push me then they try and pull me
Bet I will not budge, if you doubt it then just call my bookie
And my bookie takin' bets
Prophesize a profit when you know what's comin' next, like ooh
Yeah, baby girl, bring out the goodies
Snuck it in inside her hoodie, now we turnin' up to Boogie (yeah)
In school I used to fight the bullies, now I'm fightin' with the law
Guess some things don't leave you fully
They try and push me then they try and pull me
Bet I will not budge, if you doubt it then just call my bookie
And my bookie takin' bets
Prophesize a profit when you know what's comin' next, like uh
Money on my mind, we gon' run it up
See what you gon' find, baby push your luck
We been on the grind, we been gettin' up
We ain't got the time for you fuckin' bums
Money on my mind, we gon' run it up
